Chapter 1

    "So what do you do?"

    Rachel wore a dress with long black sleeves, as though she had come straight from a funeral. Jason swirled his wine glass, staring at the motion of the liquid inside. A wave of intoxication pulsed through him. He smiled, the edge of his lips curling upwards. Was it too much of a smile? He was didn't want to reveal anything about his state of mind. Tightening his jaw and furrowing his brow, Jason breathed in, allowing himself to feel the cotton of his fitted shirt against his chest. He thought out a response, imaging her reaction. The smile reappeared.

    "Wall street. I'm a trader," Jason responded.

    He looked up from his wine glass and met with her stupid, glass-eyed stare. He loved how excited she looked and imagined how the religious girl must have felt. He was muscular and handsome, hazel eyed and smart--brilliant, compared to the yeshiva students Rachel must have dated--and wealthy, according to anyone's standards. She was plump, blue eyed, brown haired. He couldn't stop smiling. What a conversation their parents must have had. How excited Rachel's mother must have been to hear that "Chezky" was only 22? and yet, already independently wealthy? He lifted his glass to his lips and swallowed the remaining wine.

    The blue eyes were at the same time both precious like jewels, a rarity in Borough Park, and a window into a child's mind. She must have been 20 at the oldest, without an independent bone in her body. To start a philosophical discussion would have been infuriating. He couldn't ask her about Gossip Girls or Qaddafi, either; anything topical would be seen as a threat or an accusation (how terrible to be informed!). Worse yet, maybe he would appear the secular Jew he was, and the news would come back to his parents. He decided, instead, to ask her about herself. How was her mother? Oh, she liked seminary in Israel?

    "It was really beautiful!" she started. His burger and her salad arrived while she explained the controversy surrounding the seminary's dress code, how they were far too strict during the summer. The gesture was not lost on him; watching religious girls like her flirt was almost a spectator sport. He imagined her naked as he stared at his burger and chewed. She was in pretty poor shape. He couldn't stop grinning as he defiled the poor girl in his mind and devoured his meat. An urban caveman. She wasn't ugly, exactly, just not cut out for physical activity. Her nipples must be huge, he thought. His burger was almost finished when the monotonity of her voice stopped, the pitch raised, as though she had just asked a question. He looked up.

    "Excuse me?" he asked curtly.

    "I... I was just asking, how's your brother?"

    Shlomo. The epitomy of all things great; smart, humble, devoted. He slowly responded, "Shlomo's good. He's still in yeshiva." He looked up from the few fries and shreds of meat still sitting on his plate. "Yeah, I haven't spoken to him in a few days, but he's starting to teach a class on Monday nights. I've been meaning to go, but..."-- an almost genuine, apologetic, smile formed--"...work". Jason retreated back into his mind as the table became quiet. His work was such a mystery to his own family; how much more so to this girl. The excitement of the trades, the deliberation over calculations and modeling; it would only be lost on them. He was suddenly fourteen again, poring over a calculus textbook. The yeshiva's math teacher was only vaguely familiar with the material, but gave all the encouragement he could.


    The silence at their table continued, with the hum of the restaurant filling in for their conversation. Rachel continued grazing on her salad. He poured another glass of wine for himself.

    He was now 16, looking at the screen of the single computer in his school. Not even his father knew about his savings, how he had invested them all in various stocks through the computer. At first, it was all a silly game, just to see if the ideas in the magazines were real. But after losing a hundred dollars early on, he had taken it more seriously, investing more of his money and studying the models more closely. The account started with just shy of a five hundred dollars a year ago. The numbers on the screen amazed him; nearly three grand, with almost no real understanding of how or why the money came. Now, he was back at the house, explaining to his parents what had happened, with his mother first insisting he give it all back (give it all back to whom?) and then, once realizing that he had earned the money, requiring that he give a portion as charity back to the yeshiva. Suddenly, he was in the head rabbi's office, with his parents and a check for five hundred dollars. "Rav, we didn't know. We don't even have a computer!" his mother began. The rabbi looked at the check for a moment, and then at his mother. He looked back at the check. "The Torah, you know what it says?" he asked, a chance to display borrowed wisdom from generations of conformed thought. "It says, Rejoice, Zebulun, in your going out, And Issachar in your tents!" Jason nervously clutched his check. "You see," the rabbi continued, "Hashem doesn't want us all to study the Torah; he has created some of us with gifts to help provide. Some must be Issachars; others must be Zebuluns." He smiled, and Jason handed over five hundred dollar like a teenage mother handing over a newborn for adoption. "Perhaps Hashem wants him to be a Zebulun."

    Six years later, and he had finally graduated from college and begun working on a trading desk.

    The maitre d' arrived, insisting that the happy couple try the dessert. Jason's "I think I'll just grab the--" was interrupted by her "... split a chocolate brownie?" Rachel blushed while Jason applied a saccharine smile to his face. "One chocolate brownie, please." The salad must have been the appetizer, he realized. Minutes of silence later and the brownie arrived. She offered him half; he declined. Embarassed, she quickly finished the brownie, washing it down with the rest of her wine.

    
    Thirty minutes later, he was sitting in a taxi, drafting in his mind the report full of half-truths he would later tell his mother to prevent another date with Rachel. The taxi arrived at an apartment building on in SoHo. Jason paid and stepped outside. He took his yamulka off his head and shoved it into the inner pocket of his jacket. There was a distinct impression left by his yamulka on his hair, so he ran his fingers like a comb through it, letting the fall night's chilly breeze run through. He flexed with tension and excitement. As the taxi pulled away, he pulled out his phone to read a text.

    Jessica opened the door of the building. She was thin, brunette, and dark eyed, wearing a tight dress and eye-liner. "How was dinner?" she asked. He walked up and wrapped his arms around her. Her perfume smelled rich and dark, like fine wine and potpourri. The pools in her eyes reflected the streetlight while her fingers danced on the nape of his neck. He leaned in and kissed, with lips and tongue connecting passionately. "Come, let's go in," she whispered. "I want to hear about your night."

    She took hold of his hand and led him through a narrow corridor and up a staircase. She unlocked the door and stepped inside. He paused for a moment at the threshold of the studio apartment, appreciating the figure of beauty before him and the shadows from the lamps.

    "So? Tell me."

  He laughed, unbuttoned his shirt, and walked up behind her. "It was a terrible night. But I'm happy to be here now." He embraced her. "I'm happy you're here too  " she whispered. Their lips touched. Outside, the sillhouette of their bodies disappeared as the lights turned off.

Chapter 2
    
    The room was filled with traders' talk. He was on the computer, watching the numbers move on the screen. A sudden divergence of numbers meant buy and sell, and he clicked purposefully, making a call for a thousand shares of this, selling another thousand of that. The noise around him was silence compared to the noise inside his head. "20 at 100 makes 2000, 2000 at a 10% decrease over 3 years makes 1800, 1800 over 30 makes 60..." His mind wasn't coherently suggesting anything, but somehow he assembled the figures and numbers into something that made sense.

    Perhaps it was only for Jason, but the sound of the mice clicking, alongside the buzz of talk, was hypnotic. After a year in the office, he didn't know if he could even think without it. His leg, motorized by the caffeine he'd been drinking all morning, beat like a locomotive. The faster his leg moved, the faster the wheels of his mind raced. He couldn't feel the vibrations of his Blackberry, which buzzed with incoming messages.

    At 5pm, he inhaled deeply. He had a moment to collect himself before starting the analysis for the next day. Looking at his phone, he thumbed through the messages and stopped when he saw a text from his mom.

    "Hey ma," he said, walking on the street.

    "Chezky, hi. It's Ima."

    "Yes, I know. How are you?" he stepped inside a Starbucks instinctively, but then stepped out immediately, heading back down the street.

    "Alright. When are you coming for Shabbos again?"

    He turned a corner, creating fake destinations as he went. To Hanover Square. No, to Bowling Green. He would ultimately just pace Broad street, turning onto Beaver to keep his radius from the office as short as possible.

    "Yes, I planned on coming next week, remember?" He had been postponing the trip to Borough Park for a Shabbos for a while, having been busy with work and Jessica.

    "Yes, sorry I forget these things. You're liking the rabbi in midtown? And have you been speaking with Shlomo?"

    He turned onto Beaver street. "Rabbi Feldman is great. Shlomo? No, but I've been meaning to go to his Monday shiur."

    "I am worried about him, Chezky." His mom repeated the sentiment on a bi-weekly basis. She continued to speak, interrupted only occasionally by the "I know" and "Yes, ma" of Jason. Jason continued down Beaver.

    "I was wondering, Chezky..." she asked, concluding the long train of thought.

    "Yes, Ima, Shlomo can stay with me whenever he wants."

    "I know, I know Chezky. But he said he has stopped learning at the yeshiva, that he is thinking of leaving for good. I think he could use some family right now. Maybe invite him to stay with you, just this week."

    Jason had often seen this kind of request growing up, but the importance of his beneficiary seemed to increase since he began working. Not only did he pay for his own rent in Midtown, but also for Shlomo's dorm in yeshiva. Jason didn't complain. His salary could cover a family twice as large as his own, and his brother was a hardworking and humble yeshiva student.

    Still, Jason couldn't help think of himself as terms of the family protector, as an eldest brother, since he had begun working. When Shlomo was in trouble financially, Jason would get a call from his mother with a small request. Jason always said yes without complaint. After all, what was family for?

    "I'll call him when I get off work, Ima," Jason said, circling back onto Broad street. He quickened his pace, realizing he had already spent a quarter hour on the phone.

    They finished s     peaking, and Jason headed back into the office to complete the analysis for the day. It was already dark when he left the office, but he would still be on time for Jessica. He picked up his phone and called Shlomo. "Shlomo? Hi! It's Chezky. Yes, Ima told me. I wanted to invite you..."

    He walked to the street, hailing a taxi as he spoke. The voice on the other line was demure, saying "Yes, thanks" and "Sorry" many times in quiet tones. Jason was able to finally convice him to stay the next week.

    The taxi pulled back up to Jessica's place. It had been a week since he saw her last. He paid the taxi driver to wait a moment while he waited and walked up to the door, ringing on the apartment door. She came down a few moments later, wearing a black silk dress and earrings, with her eyes darkened by eyeliner. "Hi sweetheart," she said. Soon, they were in a taxi, to a restaurant in the lower east side.

    She was very loveable, he thought. She was gorgeous; that was clear; but there was more. He had often felt, with others, as though he had assumed some role or mask for a conversation without agreement. He worked in Wall street? Jewish? Handsome? Each characteristic carried with it a new identity that wasn't Jason, but with whom Jason was replaced for the sake of a conversation or relationship. Jessica never did that. He could bring up his family without worrying about a comment about Jewish mothers, or bring up Wall street without a comment about Jewish financiers.

    Soon, they were seated in the restaurant. He quickly discussed work, she school. She was a student at NYU, only a year younger than him.

    "My brother is staying with me next week" he casually brought up.

    "Cool. I didn't know you had a brother -- older brother, yeah?"

    "Yeah. He's coming next week."
    
