Characters:

Jason (Chezky), a successful wall street trader. Age 22, he has left Cheder at an early age due to an incredible mathematical ability. Stresses a love for family (i.e. when asked, why he takes in brother)
Shlomo, his older brother, aged 25. He has been in yeshivas his entire life.
Baruch, a friend of Shlomo's from cheder. Also in a similar situation to Shlomo.
Jessica, the girlfriend of Jason, aged 21. 

Opening scene:
Intro Jason, on Shidduch dates with woman set up by his parents. Jason goes home to Jessica each time. They laugh about the dates and sleep together. 

Second scene:
He gets a call from his parents, saying his brother needs help. He explains on the phone that he thought he had paid for Shlomo's rent, parents explain that Shlomo needs to be with family, just for the week. Jason agrees. We see Shlomo waiting by the door when Jason comes home one night (Jason lives in Park Slope).

Third scene:
Shlomo is seen studying in the house all day, while Jason goes on various executive meetings with high powered executives, seen indulging in a non-religious lifestyle. His girlfriend and him go out to dinner one night, and he is invited home with Jessica, but says he has to check on Shlomo, because it is Friday night (the Shabbos) and Jason was supposed to come for dinner. Jason comes home to find his brother hanged himself.

Fourth scene:
Jason is destroyed. He goes to the funeral, where he meets his brothers classmates in yeshiva. Baruch begins to tell him how great his brother was. Jason goes to say kaddish. Mother is very upset at Shlomo for killing himself, thinks it is the worst thing.

Fifth scene:
Jason begins going to the yeshiva to daven in the mornings. He begins studying longer, befriending Baruch. Ultimately, decides to stop his job altogether in Wall Street, and instead devote himself fulltime to Torah worship.

Sixth scene:
While at the yeshiva, Jason becomes intensely religious. He ditches Jessica. Jessica is devastated.

Seventh scene:
There is news of a student having been sexually assaulted by a rabbi, who used to be at a yeshiva where Shlomo studied. Baruch and Jason's friendship deepens, and Jason begins teaching more classes at the Yeshiva, trying to earn a feeling of redemption for what he's done. He becomes regarded as one of the leading students.

Eighth scene:
Rabbi has been molesting a lot of students recently, rumors of which started right before Shlomo's death. Jason realizes his brother, Shlomo, was one of the students molested.

Ninth scene:
Jason speaks with Baruch, telling him of his past. Baruch admits he wasn't always religious; his father's own death pushed him into religion. He admits that he has seen terrible things, but prefers to believe that God is in control than believe in the chaos of life. Jason is furious; he is angry at Shlomo, for not telling him, at the rabbi, for being a sick monster, and at himself, for not having come to the side of his brother. But he also hears what Baruch says. He doesn't want to simply go back to his life as it was; he wants to become a better person.

Tenth scene:
Jason returns to Jessica. She is surprised by him; he looks broken, unsure. He tells her that he needs to change, that he needs to be closer to God, because he wants to be happier. She hugs him while he cries.
